Add support for gatsby-plugin-image (#170)
Kentico/kontent-gatsby-packages: packages/gatsby-kontent-components/README.md

## Install

```sh
npm install @kentico/gatsby-kontent-components gatsby-plugin-image
```

> Also, add `gatsby-plugin-image` to `module.exports` section in `gatsby-config.js`.

Author: ```suggestion
Also, add `gatsby-plugin-image` to `plugins` array in `gatsby-config.js`.
```
